pactree: add page (#7326)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/pactree.md

# pactree

> Package dependency tree viewer for pacman.
> More information: <https://man.archlinux.org/man/community/pacman-contrib/pactree.8.en>.

> - View the dependency tree of a package:

Reviewer: We describe the command, the command `print` or `display`, the user view something.
```suggestion
- Print the dependency tree of a specific package:
```

`pactree {{package}}`

> - View what packages depend on this package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print what packages depend on a specific package:
```

`pactree --reverse {{package}}`

> - List dependencies at the start of the line and only with unique entries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List dependencies, one per line, and only with unique entries:
```

Author: I would argue against this because this is what it looks like normally:
```
firefox
├─gtk3
│ ├─atk
│ │ └─glib2
│ │   ├─pcre
```
and this is what it looks like with -u or -l
```
firefox
gtk3
atk
glib2
pcre
```

It's still one per line in both cases, but the formatting doesn't have any fancy graphics.

Reviewer: We use `list` as verb in too many pages, the tree is not a common output from commands. Otherwise you can use `Print as list`

Author: ```suggestion
- List dependencies without the tree graphics and only with unique entries:
```
How about something along the lines of this?

Reviewer 2: How about
```suggestion
- Formlessly list dependencies, only showing unique entries:
```
or
```suggestion
- Formlessly list dependencies, skipping duplicates:
```

Author: I feel like "formlessly" describes the command poorly since it can be understood as "format" but also "the shape something". For me at least it feels really nondescript.

Reviewer 2: Maybe `Dump dependencies`?

Author: You guys pick the wording on this one. I'm unable to decide.

Reviewer 2: I'd go with this one if nobody objects:
```suggestion
- Dump dependencies one per line, skipping duplicates:
```

Reviewer 2: @Managor could you please apply this?

`pactree --unique {{package}}`

> - Include optional dependencies of a package and colorize the output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Include optional dependencies of a specific package and colorize the output:
```

`pactree --optional --color {{package}}`

> - Show the help page:

Reviewer: This is a standard description
```suggestion
- Display help:
```
